docs: update and fix the 'Usage/Examples' section in README.MD (#48)
oSumAtrIX/DownOnSpot: README.md

## Features

-   Works with free Spotify accounts (if using free-librespot fork)

> -   Download 96, 160kbit/s audio with a free account, 256 and 320 kbit/s audio with a premium account from Spotify, directly

Reviewer: "account" was left here because the sentence goes as follows:
"Download [...] with a free, [and] [...] with a premium **account** from Spotify, directly"

If you get a linker error, you might need to download the [standard libmp3lame](https://www.rarewares.org/mp3-lame-libraries.php#libmp3lame) library.
On OS X, it should be enough to just run `brew install lame`, provided you have [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) installed.

> ## Usage/Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage/ Examples
```

> ## Usage / Examples

Reviewer: Is this really conventional? In English its even `Usage/examples`.

Author: Yes, it's should've been Usage/Examples (no spaces between)

Apart from your Spotify username and password, you will need to login in to the Spotify developer dashboard and [create a new private application](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications). Fill in the `client_id` and `client_secret` in your `settings.json` from your newly created app.
All the other settings should be self-explanatory, conversion from Ogg to MP3 is disabled by default.

> Note: If you're on a free spotify account, remember to set down the quality to 160 ("Q320" -> "Q160"), otherwise you'll get an "Audio Key Error" since free account can't go past 160kbit/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you're on a free Spotify account, remember to set down the quality to 160 ("Q320" -> "Q160"). Otherwise, you'll get an "Audio Key Error" since the free account can't exceed 160kbit/s.
```
